Add CLI for TP-Link Tapo power meter (#1)
tonarino/tapo-power-monitor: README.md

# Tonari Tapo Power Monitor

A utility to measure and monitor power consumption with Tp-Link Tapo smart plugs from your command line.

## Initial Setup

- We’re using the [TP-Link Tapo 115](https://www.tp-link.com/en/home-networking/smart-plug/tapo-p115/) smart plug. It can be controlled via TPLink cloud or via local network which is what this tool does.
- Download the TP-Link Tapo App from appstore of your choice. ([iOS, MacOS](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1472718009) or [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tplink.iot))

> - Login to your TP-link account. Tonari credentials can be found in our password repository.

Reviewer: Remove tonari-specific info
```suggestion
- Login to your TP-link account.
```

- Pair the plug with the account.

> - Disable firmware auto-update in the device settings unless you find with your device to be spuriously power-cycled.

Reviewer: I guess:
```suggestion
- Disable firmware auto-update in the device settings unless you're fine with your device to be spuriously power-cycled.
```
